feat(curriculum): update handleclick method to use state function (#42225)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-libraries/react/render-conditionally-from-props.md

    this.handleClick = this.handleClick.bind(this);
  }
  handleClick() {

>     // Complete the setState updater function
>     this.setState(prevState => {
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    this.setState(prevState => {
      // Complete the return statement:
      return {
        counter: prevState
      }
```
